check it out i'm totally loving
wilderness innovation and what they're
making this is the PSS that I'm zoomed
Emma zoomed in on I'll zoom out a little
bit you can see the pouch it comes in
it's the one in front one back is a
large tarp that they make which is also
amazing but I'm going to show you a
little bit about this the PSS personal
survival shelter that I made because I
think it's perfect it is awesome so
let's take a look at it as you can see
that's how big it is perfect little
Pat's leg up made in I attached these
clips of course but it's gotten Molly
capable strap on the back and you can
also use it like I got this one kind of
the larger tarp listen this one's huge
and it is great for making a you know a
decent sized shelter you can see sleep
now four or five people on it easy and
it's also compact for you know what
you're capable of doing with it but you
can pull that strap out use it for you
know just to to carry it if you're not
going to strap it onto a Molly capable
backpack you can carry like that it's
also got these d-rings on both sides
deering here doing here you can just
attach it to your backpack
or however you want to hear it throw in
the bag if you want their heavy-duty
bags look very well sewn stitching on is
great anyways come on show you this
package deal erica is paracord smart so
you can use it if you have to break
panels PSS is can be used for many
things I'm going to zoom out a little
bit so you can see that but if its
design its its shape and design is for a
as you can see Pancho go through this is
heavy-duty rip stop material not heavy
as in weight but you know it's very well
put together actually really lightweight
but it's got the rip stop material goods
it's very strong and whatever conditions
you're going to take it into and then
you've got these snaps all on the side
to open up as a if you're gonna make a
shelter so it's got those on both sides
hood and I'll get in a minute so you can
see how it is again paracord for the
drawstrings on the hood and also smart
got it I've got a snap in the back so
you can shorten the hood sleep if it's
too over there I'll pull back a little
bit you just pull that back tightens it
up on you and it's also going to snap if
you're using it for a shelter up front
the whole
very well staffs are all heavy duty
snails have used them and I've used this
for us so for a poncho what the main
design of it is I've used it for a
shelter and I've used it for hammock
strong enough to hold me and I'm close
to 200 pounds so and that's it's pretty
heavy duty with never even feel like it
was gonna be close I've heard you know
the guy i got from blood innovations
said they've had a turn 50 get powned
guy in there are no problems also have
you awesome anyway so I got something
else to be designed to go inside of it
I'll show you that a fleece liner which
again very well stitched because this
snap snap on both sides for this liner
and i'll show you how it all works but
you can see it's a nice liner you snap
that into your poncho and that's a can
be used for a nice coat it can be used
as a mummy bag if you just if you
unbutton it lengthwise fold it over or
for your hammock with you know your
habit to sleep in so I mean that's your
whole sleeping system anyway pretty
awesome innovative guess if fits their
name wilderness innovation so I'll put
that together and also it looks like
sorry about the mess in this room
getting ready for camping trip so that's
why I got all out anyways imma lay down
on this spss lotus innovation personal
survival shelter just to show you how
big it is this is fully unbuttoned so
this is the poncho that counts will be
used for a shelter as you can see it's
got these the webbing stet stitched all
around the perimeter so easy for using
it for building a tarp and you can oh
it's also big enough that you can wear
it over the top of your backpack so
you'll have to you know if your backpack
isn't waterproof or if you know if what
you have strapped to your backpack you
don't have anything covering it like
sleeping bag or whatever throw this
poncho over you and you got everything
waterproof awesome lightweight it's
worth pack and anyways I'm will lay down
just to show you to the size of it
fine about six foot so close to and as
you can see it's plenty big laying full
length out for Pancho shelter or a
hammock so plenty big if you all the
dimensions you can go to wilderness
innovation calm and you can check out
the dimensions they have on their